Do you dare to let me down?
Witch, my sword is far away
The head has been arrested
My Tianyuan Gate is finished
Full of trash
The head was captured
What are you using to fight with me at Tianyuanmen?
Haha girl
Still the same sentence
If you can break through the three barriers of my Tianyuan Gate
Not only the head
All our lives belong to your demon world
Xiao Yunfeng, even if you are only good to Jiang Bailian
But that's not a reason for me and my brother to die
Ah junior sister
You can finally see the face and heart of this guy
It's not my sister and brother, he's not that kind of person
Sister is like this now
Except listen to me
You have other options
Jiang Bailian's life is life
Isn't mine?
I really misjudged you.
Sure enough, little white faces love to attract bees and butterflies
If I win Kamitani
You want to give me these two women
One, go to my magic world to brush the toilet
Another distribution of pigs
I'm going to lock you up and torture you every day
If the girl said
Also stay and brush the toilet
I bah, how could the noble saint of the devil world say
Senior brothers and sisters still have to bother you to attack the enemy
Xiaoyingfeng, who do you think you are?
Why can you decide the life and death of others?
Senior brother, why are your legs soft and afraid?
Just take the tribulation array and meet the enemy
Stop talking and eat my sword Cold Moon Demon Light Palm
Report junior sister formation